hey guys welcome to lingua marina let's
continue
talking about the american accent you
know
something that happened to me well i
would say recently a couple years ago
when i was babysitting my aunt's dog i
started to talk to a lot of americans
who had a dog as well because i was
walking my dog
and i walk with the dog and i hear
people say
who's a good boy good boy or another
phrase
who's a good girl so basically what i
heard there
i heard them saying not good boy
who's a good boy nobody said that they
took the word
good and replaced d with the first
letter of a word that followed
who's a goop boy good boy
who's a good girl and if you
pronounce it the way they did it was
like who's a good boy
who's a good girl and i was like
am i hearing something and i was like
yes i'm hearing something and this is
the way
i learn accents i just listen to people
and i'm like wow this sounds confusing
this is
not the way it's written sometimes i
would just ask them to repeat
because i want to understand what's
going on and they go on and explain me
the way they pronounce it
and it's not a rule guys so whatever
we're talking about in my videos
about the pronunciation these are not
rules this is just something that i
notice
when i walk around california and i hear
people speak when i travel
and these are just notes that i'm
sharing with you again when we're
talking about learning a language and
understanding others
it's all about you know first of all
it's all about understanding because
when you know these tricks you're able
to understand them better
but also like if you decide someday that
you want to
adopt some of the accents like i did
when i first came to the us
um i was ordering coffee and i said hot
coffee and they gave me cold coffee
because you pronounce
hot this way not hot you say hot
and you know i had to drink cold coffee
uh in it was new york and it was kind of
cold it was may
and uh i was a little upset and i told
myself you know i gotta learn
i gotta learn american accent and i
think my accent has changed
uh completely since i moved to the us
and it's changing every year
it's changing because i encounter more
and more people i encounter more and
more situations where people
would say something and i would be like
wow this is weird
like we need to stop here i need to
analyze this
so let's move into the video let's
continue with
whatever i just mentioned why do native
speakers do this
why they say good boy good girl again
the rule here is that they just want to
speed up everything
and english is this great language to
sing in so
whenever you're singing you just want to
emit sounds you want to emit something
that stops you
that makes you kind of stop and take a
breath you just want to connect
everything
so good boy it's a little like
good girl but if you say good boy
it's like one word goodbye easy right
this is why people do that
this is called assimilation or sound
change in the english language and it is
quite quite common another example of
the sound change is uh white paper
why paper so i kind of say wipe paper
but because i'm connecting it's even
like one sound it's not white paper
white paper is british so british is
this formal
kind of language where you pronounce you
where you try to pronounce more sounds
than americans do
and white paper is very british white
paper
white paper is very american another
great example
speed boat we don't well americans i
guess don't say speed boat
i don't say speed boat i say speed boat
speed boat
but then it's connected it's a speed
boat the speed boat so you see what's
happening here
just you know i do not expect that you
would use it i just want you to
realize that it is happening because it
would help you understand native
speakers a lot
better and because of the way the
different sounds are made in our mouth
sometimes we get a completely different
situation let me give you an example
i can go now and it sounds like kink go
so we kind of add
another g at the end of the word can
i can go can't buy i can buy
instead of saying can buy i say can buy
i can buy this you can buy new ones
again
because can buy is just a lot of
movement
that has to happen in my mouth but if i
say kim
bye i'm already shutting my mouth
in order to pronounce the sound b and
it's cam bye
so yeah i know they don't teach that at
school because there is no formal rule
on when you replace
the sound and with m this is something
you learn on this youtube channel so if
you're not yet subscribed
you know what to do green park it's
green
park it's not green park the way it's
pronounced
do you want to take a walk at green park
on monday
on monday are you joining me for
a class on monday um
on monday something like this some of
the other thing we talked about in my
previous videos about how to sound like
a native speaker and
speak english faster if you haven't
watched them you totally have to watch
them the links will be down below
they're really important for i guess
anyone who's learning english because
if you don't want to speak fast at least
you want to be able to understand other
people
so we talked about religion where sounds
disappear and just wanted to remind you
of a couple examples
because sometimes when letters t and d
appear between two consonants they tend
to disappear
let me give you some examples that was
the worst
job i've ever had but i will say
that was the worst job i've ever had you
see tea
disappeared where is job where is it i
don't know
just one person came to the potty
just one person came to the party where
is tea
i don't know just one and let me give
you a couple last examples that would
blow your mind
handbag it's a handbag
but n and d are replaced by an
m so d disappears right because of
religion
and then n is replaced by m because of
sound change assimilation
so hand back d disappears and is changed
into m
him back who taught you that i don't
know
saint paul's cathedral again what
happens here
t disappears because of a legend but
then n
is replaced with an m because of a
simulation
samples cathedral it's not saint paul's
cathedral in great britain it's
saint paul's cathedral but america
simple as cathedral
the next tip open your mouth
when you try to speak english fast and
you hear native speakers speak english
fast
you are tempted to just speak fast but
the
way it works with native speakers
they've done it so many many times they
pronounce so many so many sounds
it comes naturally when you try to speak
fast without enough practice
we tend to eat sounds and i made this
mistake again when i came to the u.s i
wanted to sound more natural
and i started just speaking as fast as i
could i
normally i'm a fast speaker even like
when i'm speaking russian people
complain on my russian channel that i
speak too fast
maybe you complain you don't complain
you're you guys the nicest audience i've
ever had you never completely thank me
but i know i can be too fast sometimes
the thing is
in some cultures like russian well i
would say some asian cultures
you don't open your we don't open our
mouth the way americans do
so and sometimes it is crucial like pen
and pan two completely different words
and you see how i open my mouth when i
say
pan that makes a huge difference bad
versus bad two completely different
words again
if you mess it up if you forget to open
your mouth people
probably guessed the meaning of the word
just from the context
but you know sometimes the context is
also confusing and you don't want to
confuse people too much all the time so
open your mouth bad versus bad
bed bath pack versus
peck and let's practice some listening
skills i'm gonna say a word
and you need a guess which word it is
which one came first
and and
beg bag
pat pet
completely different words present
perfect versus past simple
another thing kind of differs from
british
english to american english but
basically what happens in british
english they tend to use present perfect
more
in great britain they say i've just
arrived home which is
kind of grammatically more correct than
using past simple
because when you say i've just arrived
that means you're stating the fact that
you're at home and
present perfect would be the perfect
tense here
in america again people tend to simplify
everything and americans would say i
just arrived
it's faster right in terms of like
grammar i would say
well it works but still when we use past
simple
we want to add more details we're
telling a story
but we're not stating our current state
we
stayed actions in the past with present
perfect we kind of want to emphasize
that we're at home
so in this very case i would say present
perfect is more correct but americans
use past simple
that doesn't mean that if you're
learning american x and you don't have
to learn a present perfect
you have to oh and by the way guys if
you're still confused about the tenses
if you need more information on tenses
if you need tables if you need
explanations if you need additional
videos from me
i have the whole workbook that focuses
on english language
but we have the whole section on english
tenses i try to explain them
in the easiest way possible because i
know how important they are and how
confusing they are
and we also have a lot of tables that
would help you learn more idioms learn
more vocabulary learn necessary grammar
so the link will be down below it costs
7.95
and i think it's a great chance for you
guys to have some materials while you go
through my videos and learn english
the link down below check it out my
english language
workbook and the last but not the least
for today
exaggerate americans exaggerate
everything
i guess while american culture is like
everything is so bright here everything
is so amazing and
you know people just i don't even know
when they're positive they're really
positive
when they they tend to be less negative
and i kind of like it again coming from
a culture where people are
not like showing their emotions too much
but the thing is
when i came to the us when everyone is
smiling when everyone is like
oh my god your dress is amazing
that just helps me get through the day i
feel happier i don't know it depends on
the kind of person you are but i
personally like it and if you want to
sound more american
this salad is not good this salad is
absolutely the best salad
i've ever eaten my whole life this is
the best thing i've ever tasted
before this video is not just a good
video oh my god
this was the best video i've ever seen
in the past few years oh my god marina
you're amazing
do this in the comments or another thing
that's kind of confusing
uh when you text someone on the phone
and you've been texting each other for a
couple months and they call you a friend
again
in a culture where i come from this is
unacceptable like friends
are people who you hang out with for
years who you trust
you've seen many many times again it's
just another cultural aspect that you
have to understand have to learn not
necessarily use it
but just understand that this is the way
it works most of the times
in the u.s thank you guys so much for
watching this video up to the very end
if you're not yet subscribed to my
channel there's a red button down below
hit subscribe
and we'll see you very soon in the next
videos
bye